Context:
My MemoryOS project is set up with a bulletproof startup workflow, advanced logging, a health endpoint, an automated test suite, a deployment verification script, and all code runs on Replit.
I’m currently experiencing a “death loop” (the app keeps restarting, failing to deploy, or gets stuck in a crash/restart cycle).

Objective:
Use all available bulletproofing tools to systematically audit and diagnose the root cause of this death loop.
I need a step-by-step process and actionable findings—not just a crash report.

Checklist for Replit Assistant:
Run the Bulletproof Startup Script

Start the project with the “Run” button or python bulletproof_startup.py

Note any pre-flight check failures or warnings printed to the console or logs.

Inspect the Logs Directory

Open the logs/ directory.

Find the most recent log file (from bulletproof_logger.py).

Look for repeated error messages, stack traces, or failures that coincide with each crash or restart.

Summarize the main recurring error or failure.

Query the /health Endpoint

Visit /health (e.g., https://<your-repl-name>.replit.app/health) in the browser, or run:

bash
Copy
Edit
curl https://<your-repl-name>.replit.app/health
Record the status and any errors or degraded states reported.

If /health fails, capture its output for further diagnosis.

Run the Automated Test Suite

Run all tests:

bash
Copy
Edit
python run_tests.py
If there are failures, list which tests failed and copy any error messages or tracebacks.

Optionally, run targeted or quick tests for relevant areas:

bash
Copy
Edit
python run_tests.py --quick
python run_tests.py --test health
Verify Deployment

Run the deployment verification script:

bash
Copy
Edit
python verify_deployment.py https://<your-repl-name>.replit.app
List any failed health checks, slow response times, or system errors flagged by the verifier.

Rollback (If Needed)

If the root cause is still unclear or irreparable, use Replit’s Git sidebar (or git in shell) to revert to the last known-good commit.

Document the rollback and what was fixed.

Expected Output:
Summary of findings: (What is causing the death loop?)

Relevant log snippets: (Paste the main error message)

/health endpoint output: (Paste status + error details)

Failed tests and messages: (Paste or summarize)

Verification script results: (Paste relevant output)

Actionable next steps: (What to fix, rollback, or patch?)

If possible, automate this audit by combining log scanning, health query, test runner, and deployment verifier into a single diagnostic output.
If more context about the codebase or specific error is needed, request those details.

Stack: Python 3.x, Flask (assumed for endpoints), pytest, custom logging.

Please perform this audit now and provide a detailed report or guidance on the exact cause of the death loop and how to resolve it.